# About Feral File app (formerly Autonomy) Security

Feral File app secures your sensitive data, such as cryptographic seeds and private keys, on your closely held mobile device. It ensures your data's protection by following Android’s best security practices: Feral File app stores your keys using the Android KeyStore system and the AES-256 cipher. This encrypts your keys on disk and protects them from access by other applications. On applicable Android devices, they are also stored in a Secure Enclave, which has its own CPU and improves tamper resistance and secure storage. Your keys can only be retrieved through the Feral File app; in order to access the Feral File app, you must supply your personal identification, usually a thumb print or face recognition but possibly a PIN, depending on your Android model.

Feral File app wants your data to be not just secure, but also resilient. To make it much harder for you to lose your Feral File app keys, Feral File app has created a unique encrypted cloud backup system. By combining Android Security Crypto with the Block Store system, Feral File app encrypts your keys and stores them on the cloud, so that they can be restored even if you lose your Android device and install Feral File app on a new phone or tablet. (Other data can also be backed up with an Feral File subscription.)

The cloud backup system uses end-to-end encryption where available: if you are using an older Android system (Android 8 or earlier) or you do not have screen lock enabled, you will be warned that end-to-end encryption is not in use. Because your keys are encrypted before they reach the cloud, no one else ever has access to them, not Google and not Bitmark.

Of course all security ultimately rests on the code, and whether it makes the proper use of all of these best practices. This is why Feral File app is open source. We believe in trust through transparency. We invite you to [review and use our code](https://github.com/bitmark-inc/autonomy-client).
